These STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SOFTWARE PURCHASE (the “Software Terms”) govern the rights, remedies, and obligations of Salesforce and Supplier in connection with Supplier’s provision to Salesforce of software products and/or software services under a Purchasing Document, including (i) licensed software that is intended to be installed on-premises by Salesforce and any modified, updated, or enhanced versions of such licensed software that Supplier may provide to Salesforce, including any patch, fix, upgrade, update, enhancement, or modification thereof (“Licensed Software”), and (ii) online, Web-based applications (“SaaS Services”, and together with Licensed Software, “Software”), including associated offline components, Third-Party Applications (as defined below), and AI Systems (as defined below). Unless otherwise defined in these Software Terms, capitalized terms used in these Software Terms will have the meanings ascribed to them in the Salesforce, Inc. Standard Terms and Conditions of Purchase (the “Terms”). These Software Terms are in addition to, and not in lieu or limitation of, the Terms. 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used in these Software Terms are defined in this section or in the section of these Software Terms, where they are first used. (i) “AI System” means any portion of Software leveraging artificial intelligence technology owned or controlled by Supplier (or its affiliate) or a third-party subcontractor of Supplier, including all underlying data, content, and software used to build the AI technology, excluding all Customer Data. (ii) “Customer Data” means all electronic data or information (i) submitted by or for Salesforce to Software (the “Input”); and (ii) improvements, copies, modifications, and other output generated from Software processing the Input (the “Output”). Confidential Information of Salesforce shall include all Customer Data and all Customer Data is “Salesforce Data” as such term is defined under the Privacy Exhibit. (iii) “Documentation” means all specifications, user manuals, and other technical materials relating to the Software. (iv) “End User” means individuals who are authorized by Salesforce to use the Software, for whom subscriptions to the Software have been purchased, and with regards to SaaS Servies, who have been supplied user identifications and passwords by Salesforce (or by Supplier at Salesforce’s request).